stack_orchestrator/data/stacks/osmosis/README.md, before:

# self-hosted osmosis

Instructions to build and deploy:
- self-hosted gitea
- an ipfs node
- the osmosis front end
- a laconicd chain

## Setup

Clone required repositories:

```bash
laconic-so --stack osmosis setup-repositories

# If this throws an error as a result of being already checked out to a branch/tag in a repo, remove the repositories and re-run the command
```

Build the container images:

```
# support image for the gitea package registry
laconic-so --stack build-support build-containers

laconic-so --stack osmosis build-containers 
```

## Create a deployment

First, create a spec file for the deployment, which will map the stack's ports and volumes to the host:
```bash
laconic-so --stack osmosis deploy init --output osmosis-spec.yml
```

### Ports

Edit `network` in spec file to map container ports to same ports in host

```
...
ports:
  osmosis-front-end:
   - '3000:3000'
  ipfs:
   - 0.0.0.0:8080:8080
   - 0.0.0.0:4001:4001
   - 0.0.0.0:5001:5001
```

### Data volumes
Container data volumes are bind-mounted to specified paths in the host filesystem.
The default setup (generated by `laconic-so deploy init`) places the volumes in the `./data` subdirectory of the deployment directory. The default mappings can be customized by editing the "spec" file generated by `laconic-so deploy init`.

---

Once you've made any needed changes to the spec file, create a deployment from it:
```bash
laconic-so --stack osmosis deploy create --spec-file osmosis-spec.yml --deployment-dir osmosis-deployment
```

## Start the stack

Start the deployment:
```bash
laconic-so deployment --dir osmosis-deployment start
```

* List and check the health status of all the containers using `docker ps` and wait for them to be `healthy`

## Laconic registry

Setup a test chain:
```
export CERC_NPM_REGISTRY_URL=https://git.vdb.to/api/packages/cerc-io/npm/

laconic-so --stack fixturenet-laconic-loaded setup-repositories --include git.vdb.to/cerc-io/laconicd,git.vdb.to/cerc-io/laconic-sdk,git.vdb.to/cerc-io/laconic-registry-cli,git.vdb.to/cerc-io/laconic-console

laconic-so --stack fixturenet-laconic-loaded build-containers

export LACONIC_HOSTED_ENDPOINT=http://<your-IP>

laconic-so --stack fixturenet-laconic-loaded deploy up
```

then `docker exec` into the `laconicd` container and either export the private key or create a new one and send funds to it. Use that private key for `LACONIC_HOTWALLET_KEY`.

## Clean up

To stop all osmosis services running in the background, while preserving chain data:

```bash
laconic-so deployment --dir osmosis-deployment stop
```

To stop all osmosis services and also delete data:

```bash
laconic-so deployment --dir osmosis-deployment stop --delete-volumes
```

To stop stack running Laconic registry

```bash
laconic-so --stack fixturenet-laconic-loaded deploy down

# Delete volumes
laconic-so --stack fixturenet-laconic-loaded deploy down --delete-volumes
```

Commit message:

Host osmosis app static build using python server

stack_orchestrator/data/stacks/osmosis/README.md, after:

# self-hosted osmosis

Instructions to build and deploy:
- self-hosted gitea
- an ipfs node
- the osmosis front end
- a laconicd chain

## Setup

Clone required repositories:

```bash
laconic-so --stack osmosis setup-repositories

# If this throws an error as a result of being already checked out to a branch/tag in a repo, remove the repositories and re-run the command
```

Build the container images:

```
# support image for the gitea package registry
laconic-so --stack build-support build-containers

laconic-so --stack osmosis build-containers 
```

## Create a deployment

First, create a spec file for the deployment, which will map the stack's ports and volumes to the host:
```bash
laconic-so --stack osmosis deploy init --output osmosis-spec.yml
```

### Ports

Edit `network` in spec file to map container ports to same ports in host

```
...
ports:
  proxy-server:
    - '4000:4000'
  python-server:
    - '3000:3000'
```

### Data volumes

Container data volumes are bind-mounted to specified paths in the host filesystem.
The default setup (generated by `laconic-so deploy init`) places the volumes in the `./data` subdirectory of the deployment directory. The default mappings can be customized by editing the "spec" file generated by `laconic-so deploy init`.

---

Once you've made any needed changes to the spec file, create a deployment from it:
```bash
laconic-so --stack osmosis deploy create --spec-file osmosis-spec.yml --deployment-dir osmosis-deployment
```

## Set env variables

Inside the deployment directory, open the file `config.env` and set the following env variables:

  ```bash
  # Osmosis API base URL
  # Set this to proxy server endpoint for uniswap app
  # (Eg. http://localhost:4000)
  # (Eg. https://abc.xyz.com)
  CERC_WEB_API_BASE_URL=

  # Optional

  # TODO: Change to CERC_ENABLE_PROXY after rebase
  # Whether to run the proxy server
  # (Disable only if proxy not required to be run) (Default: true)
  ENABLE_PROXY=

  # Proxy server configuration
  # Used only if proxy is enabled

  # Upstream API URL
  CERC_PROXY_UPSTREAM=https://app.osmosis.zone
  ```

## Start the stack

Start the deployment:
```bash
laconic-so deployment --dir osmosis-deployment start
```

* List and check the health status of all the containers using `docker ps` and wait for them to be `healthy`

## Laconic registry

Setup a test chain:
```
export CERC_NPM_REGISTRY_URL=https://git.vdb.to/api/packages/cerc-io/npm/

laconic-so --stack fixturenet-laconic-loaded setup-repositories --include git.vdb.to/cerc-io/laconicd,git.vdb.to/cerc-io/laconic-sdk,git.vdb.to/cerc-io/laconic-registry-cli,git.vdb.to/cerc-io/laconic-console

laconic-so --stack fixturenet-laconic-loaded build-containers

export LACONIC_HOSTED_ENDPOINT=http://<your-IP>

laconic-so --stack fixturenet-laconic-loaded deploy up
```

then `docker exec` into the `laconicd` container and either export the private key or create a new one and send funds to it. Use that private key for `LACONIC_HOTWALLET_KEY`.

## Clean up

To stop all osmosis services running in the background, while preserving chain data:

```bash
laconic-so deployment --dir osmosis-deployment stop
```

To stop all osmosis services and also delete data:

```bash
laconic-so deployment --dir osmosis-deployment stop --delete-volumes
```

To stop stack running Laconic registry

```bash
laconic-so --stack fixturenet-laconic-loaded deploy down

# Delete volumes
laconic-so --stack fixturenet-laconic-loaded deploy down --delete-volumes
```
