app/data/stacks/fixturenet-payments/README.md, before:

# fixturenet-payments

## Setup

Clone required repositories:

```bash
laconic-so --stack fixturenet-payments setup-repositories --pull
```

Build the container images:

```bash
laconic-so --stack fixturenet-payments build-containers
```

## Deploy

Deploy the stack:

```bash
laconic-so --stack fixturenet-payments deploy --cluster payments up

# Exposed on host ports:
# 4005: go-nitro node's RPC endpoint
# 5005: go-nitro node's p2p endpoint
# 8081: reverse payment proxy's RPC endpoint
# 15432: MobyMask v3 watcher's db endpoint
# 3001: MobyMask v3 watcher endpoint
# 9090: MobyMask v3 watcher relay node endpoint
# 8080: MobyMask snap
# 3004: MobyMask v3 app
```

## Demo

Follow the [demo](./demo.md) to try out end-to-end payments

## Clean up

Stop all the services running in background:

```bash
laconic-so --stack fixturenet-payments deploy --cluster payments down 30
```

Clear volumes created by this stack:

```bash
# List all relevant volumes
docker volume ls -q --filter "name=[payments"

# Remove all the listed volumes
docker volume rm $(docker volume ls -q --filter "name=[payments")
```

Commit message:

Update demo instructions in fixturenet-payments stack (#560)
* Update demo instructions

* Add expected payment proxy output logs

* Wait for chain endpoint to be up before starting go-nitro node

app/data/stacks/fixturenet-payments/README.md, after:

# fixturenet-payments

Instructions to setup and deploy an end-to-end fixturenet-payments stack

## Setup

Clone required repositories:

```bash
laconic-so --stack fixturenet-payments setup-repositories --pull
```

Build the container images:

```bash
laconic-so --stack fixturenet-payments build-containers
```

## Deploy

Deploy the stack:

```bash
laconic-so --stack fixturenet-payments deploy --cluster payments up

# Exposed on host ports:
# 4005: go-nitro node's RPC endpoint
# 5005: go-nitro node's p2p endpoint
# 8081: reverse payment proxy's RPC endpoint
# 15432: MobyMask v3 watcher's db endpoint
# 3001: MobyMask v3 watcher endpoint
# 9090: MobyMask v3 watcher relay node endpoint
# 8080: MobyMask snap
# 3004: MobyMask v3 app
```

## Demo

Follow the [demo](./demo.md) to try out end-to-end payments

## Clean up

Stop all the services running in background:

```bash
laconic-so --stack fixturenet-payments deploy --cluster payments down 30
```

Clear volumes created by this stack:

```bash
# List all relevant volumes
docker volume ls -q --filter "name=[payments"

# Remove all the listed volumes
docker volume rm $(docker volume ls -q --filter "name=[payments")
```
