stack_orchestrator/data/stacks/uniswap-urbit-app/README.md, before:

# Self-hosted Uniswap Frontend

Instructions to setup and deploy Uniswap app on Urbit

Build and deploy:

- Urbit
- Uniswap app

## Setup

Clone required repositories:

```bash
laconic-so --stack uniswap-urbit-app setup-repositories --pull

# If this throws an error as a result of being already checked out to a branch/tag in a repo, remove the repositories mentioned below and re-run the command
```

Build the container images:

```bash
laconic-so --stack uniswap-urbit-app build-containers
```

## Create a deployment

First, create a spec file for the deployment, which will map the stack's ports and volumes to the host:

```bash
laconic-so --stack uniswap-urbit-app deploy init --output uniswap-urbit-app-spec.yml
```

### Ports

Edit `network` in spec file to map container ports to same ports in host

```
...
network:
  ports:
    urbit-fake-ship:
      - '8080:80'
    uniswap-glob-host:
      - '3000:3000'
    uniswap-gql-proxy:
      - '4000:4000'
...
```

### Data volumes

Container data volumes are bind-mounted to specified paths in the host filesystem.
The default setup (generated by `laconic-so deploy init`) places the volumes in the `./data` subdirectory of the deployment directory. The default mappings can be customized by editing the "spec" file generated by `laconic-so deploy init`.

---

Once you've made any needed changes to the spec file, create a deployment from it:

```bash
laconic-so --stack uniswap-urbit-app deploy create --spec-file uniswap-urbit-app-spec.yml --deployment-dir uniswap-urbit-app-deployment
```

## Set env variables

Inside the deployment directory, open the file `config.env` and add variable for infura key :

  ```bash
  # External RPC endpoints
  # https://docs.infura.io/getting-started#2-create-an-api-key
  CERC_INFURA_KEY=

  # Uniswap API GQL Endpoint
  # Set this to GQL proxy server endpoint for uniswap app
  # (Eg. http://localhost:4000/graphql)
  CERC_UNISWAP_GQL=
  ```

## Start the stack

Start the deployment:

```bash
laconic-so deployment --dir uniswap-urbit-app-deployment start
```

* List and check the health status of all the containers using `docker ps` and wait for them to be `healthy`

* Run the following to get login password for Urbit web interface:

  ```bash
  laconic-so deployment --dir uniswap-urbit-app-deployment exec urbit-fake-ship "curl -s --data '{\"source\":{\"dojo\":\"+code\"},\"sink\":{\"stdout\":null}}' http://localhost:12321"

  # Expected output: "<PASSWORD>\n"%
  ```

* Open the Urbit web UI at http://localhost:8080 and use the `PASSWORD` from previous step to login

* The uniswap app is not available when starting stack for the first time. Check `urbit-fake-ship` logs to see that app has installed
  ```
  laconic-so deployment --dir uniswap-urbit-app-deployment logs -f

  # Expected output:
  # laconic-3ccf7ee79bdae874-urbit-fake-ship-1    | docket: fetching %http glob for %uniswap desk
  # laconic-3ccf7ee79bdae874-urbit-fake-ship-1    | ">="">="Uniswap app installed
  ```

* The uniswap app will be now visible at http://localhost:8080

## Clean up

To stop all uniswap-urbit-app services running in the background, while preserving chain data:

```bash
laconic-so deployment --dir uniswap-urbit-app-deployment stop
```

To stop all uniswap-urbit-app services and also delete data:

```bash
laconic-so deployment --dir uniswap-urbit-app-deployment stop --delete-volumes
```

Commit message:

Use IPFS for hosting glob files for Urbit (#677)
* Use IPFS for hosting glob files for Urbit

* Add env configuration for IPFS endpoints to instructions

* Make ship pier dir configurable in remote deployment script

* Update remote deployment script to accept glob hash arg

stack_orchestrator/data/stacks/uniswap-urbit-app/README.md, after:

# Self-hosted Uniswap Frontend

Instructions to setup and deploy Uniswap app on Urbit

Build and deploy:

- Urbit
- Uniswap app

## Setup

Clone required repositories:

```bash
laconic-so --stack uniswap-urbit-app setup-repositories --pull

# If this throws an error as a result of being already checked out to a branch/tag in a repo, remove the repositories mentioned below and re-run the command
```

Build the container images:

```bash
laconic-so --stack uniswap-urbit-app build-containers
```

## Create a deployment

First, create a spec file for the deployment, which will map the stack's ports and volumes to the host:

```bash
laconic-so --stack uniswap-urbit-app deploy init --output uniswap-urbit-app-spec.yml
```

### Ports

Edit `network` in spec file to map container ports to same ports in host

```
...
network:
  ports:
    urbit-fake-ship:
      - '8080:80'
    uniswap-gql-proxy:
      - '4000:4000'
    ipfs-glob-host:
      - '8081:8080'
      - '5001:5001'
...
```

### Data volumes

Container data volumes are bind-mounted to specified paths in the host filesystem.
The default setup (generated by `laconic-so deploy init`) places the volumes in the `./data` subdirectory of the deployment directory. The default mappings can be customized by editing the "spec" file generated by `laconic-so deploy init`.

---

Once you've made any needed changes to the spec file, create a deployment from it:

```bash
laconic-so --stack uniswap-urbit-app deploy create --spec-file uniswap-urbit-app-spec.yml --deployment-dir uniswap-urbit-app-deployment
```

## Set env variables

Inside the deployment directory, open the file `config.env` and add variable for infura key :

  ```bash
  # External RPC endpoints
  # https://docs.infura.io/getting-started#2-create-an-api-key
  CERC_INFURA_KEY=

  # Uniswap API GQL Endpoint
  # Set this to GQL proxy server endpoint for uniswap app
  # (Eg. http://localhost:4000/graphql)
  CERC_UNISWAP_GQL=

  # Optional IPFS endpoints:

  # IFPS endpoint to host the glob file on
  # (Default: http://ipfs-glob-host:5001 pointing to in-stack IPFS node)
  CERC_IPFS_GLOB_HOST_ENDPOINT=

  # IFPS endpoint to fetch the glob file from
  # (Default: http://ipfs-glob-host:8080 pointing to in-stack IPFS node)
  CERC_IPFS_SERVER_ENDPOINT=
  ```

## Start the stack

Start the deployment:

```bash
laconic-so deployment --dir uniswap-urbit-app-deployment start
```

* List and check the health status of all the containers using `docker ps` and wait for them to be `healthy`

* Run the following to get login password for Urbit web interface:

  ```bash
  laconic-so deployment --dir uniswap-urbit-app-deployment exec urbit-fake-ship "curl -s --data '{\"source\":{\"dojo\":\"+code\"},\"sink\":{\"stdout\":null}}' http://localhost:12321"

  # Expected output: "<PASSWORD>\n"%
  ```

* Open the Urbit web UI at http://localhost:8080 and use the `PASSWORD` from previous step to login

* The uniswap app is not available when starting stack for the first time. Check `urbit-fake-ship` logs to see that app has installed
  ```
  laconic-so deployment --dir uniswap-urbit-app-deployment logs -f

  # Expected output:
  # laconic-3ccf7ee79bdae874-urbit-fake-ship-1    | docket: fetching %http glob for %uniswap desk
  # laconic-3ccf7ee79bdae874-urbit-fake-ship-1    | ">="">="Uniswap app installed
  ```

* The uniswap app will be now visible at http://localhost:8080

## Clean up

To stop all uniswap-urbit-app services running in the background, while preserving chain data:

```bash
laconic-so deployment --dir uniswap-urbit-app-deployment stop
```

To stop all uniswap-urbit-app services and also delete data:

```bash
laconic-so deployment --dir uniswap-urbit-app-deployment stop --delete-volumes
```
